update github copilot auth, config docs and settings (#419)
posit-dev/positron-docs: assistant-completions.qmd

When using GitHub Copilot as your completions provider, code completions appear as ghost text at the cursor position as you type. To learn more, visit the GitHub Copilot [inline suggestions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/ai-powered-suggestions#_getting-your-first-suggestions) documentation.

GitHub Copilot also has its own Next Edit Suggestions, separate from the ghost-text completions described here and from [Posit AI NES](#posit-ai-nes). It is available whenever you sign in to GitHub Copilot as a provider.

### Enable

> GitHub Copilot completions are enabled by default once you have [signed in to the GitHub Copilot provider](assistant-providers.qmd#github-copilot). No additional setting changes are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Copilot completions are enabled after you [sign in to the GitHub Copilot provider](assistant-providers.qmd#github-copilot). No additional setting changes are required.
```

### Disable

> Choose the option that matches what you want to disable:

Reviewer: I think the _first_ option in this list should be to sign out of GitHub Copilot as a model provider, right? The whole point of the changes we made for the patch release is that people can be signed in to GitHub but not GitHub Copilot as a model provider?

Author: See my comment below!

It is the case that you can sign into GitHub for other features in Positron, but not be logged into GitHub for AI features. But it is tricky for the converse of signing out, due to how vscode auth sessions are implemented

Reviewer: OK WOW, I did not realize this. What a complicated mess the Copilot situation is 😭 

Let's put this option last in the list, because I think it comes off like we have no idea what our users even do with our product.

> Choose the option that matches what you want to disable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled GitHub Copilot as a model provider, you can disable completions by doing any of the following:
```

> - Sign out of GitHub in Positron via the Accounts menu or the _Accounts: Manage Accounts_ command. Without a signed-in account, GitHub Copilot cannot provide completions, Next Edit Suggestions, or chat. This also affects other features that rely on the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign out of GitHub in Positron via the Accounts menu or the _Accounts: Manage Accounts_ command. Without a signed-in account, GitHub Copilot cannot provide completions, Next Edit Suggestions, or chat. This also affects other GitHub features that rely on the account.
```

Author: A follow-up edit!

```suggestion
- Sign out of GitHub in Positron via the Accounts menu or the _Accounts: Manage Accounts_ command. Without a signed-in account, GitHub Copilot cannot provide completions, Next Edit Suggestions, chat, or be used as a provider for Posit Assistant. This also affects other features and extensions that rely on the GitHub account.
```
